Dear Friend ; You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our mailing list . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 2 , Section 305 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 72 days ! Have you 
ever noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
plus the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU sell more & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Simpson of Indiana tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% . Thanks . Dear Colleague 
, Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 3 ; Section 306 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 55 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster & more people than ever are surfing the web 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU sell more and process your orders 
within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of Arizona 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . Do not go to sleep 
without ordering . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 20% . God Bless . Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this breath-taking info . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 5 ; Section 307 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 59 
DAYS . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it plus most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website and increase customer response by 150% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Ames of Alabama tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Friend ; 
Especially for you - this red-hot information ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 2 , Section 
306 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 18 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Anderson who resides in Vermont tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Friend ; 
You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2216 ; Title 2 ; Section 306 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 14 months . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone plus nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep plus deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Jones of Georgia tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This offer 
is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . God Bless . Dear E-Commerce 
professional ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our publication . 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 4 ; Section 
304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 25 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet & the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more and deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Mr Simpson of Massachusetts tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
We urge you to contact us today for your own future 
financial well-being ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Thanks . 